>> PUSH!
>> WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
>> IM NOT GOING TO WALK AWAY
OVER DUMB SHIT LIKE D.N.A.
>> HES NOT YOUR SON, CHRISTIAN.
HES MINE.
>> WHAT ARE YOU SAYING, JAMES,
THAT YOURE TAKING WILBER HOME
WITH YOU?
>> YES.
>> I SIMPLY NEED THE USE OF
MCNAMARA/TROY 3 NIGHTS A WEEK,
AFTER HOURS. NO ONE WOULD KNOW
ABOUT IT.
>> WE JUST DONT BELONG TOGETHER
ANYMORE.
>> ITS THE MOST WONDERFUL
TIME OF THE YEAR...
>> YOU THINK SHELL LIKE IT?
I COULD GET HER THE EARRINGS TO
GO WITH IT.
>> YEAH. SURE. SHE CAN CARRY IT
IN HER BARBIE BLING BLING BAG,
ALONG WITH HER LITTLE MERMAID
TIARA. YOU KNOW, ANNIES ONLY
12, DAD. DONT YOU THINK ITS A
LITTLE EXTRAVAGANT?
>> I THINK SHELL LOVE IT.
SHELL LOOK JUST LIKE A PRINCESS
IN IT.
>> WITH THOSE HOLIDAY
GREETINGS AND GAY HAPPY
MEETINGS...
>> YOU KNOW, SHE IS
COMING TO SEE YOU, DAD, NOT FOR
ALL THE LOOT.
>> I KNOW. BUT THIS IS THE FIRST
TIME WELL BE OPENING PRESENTS
WITHOUT YOUR MOTHER AND ME
TOGETHER. I WANT IT TO BE
SPECIAL.
>> LISTEN, DAD--
>> HEY, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
FOR YOUR MOM. I KNOW ITS SORT
OF WEIRD, BUT ID LIKE TO GET
HER SOMETHING. I MEAN ITS
CHRISTMAS, RIGHT?
>> RIGHT.
>> IT JUST FEELS SO STRANGE,
YOU KNOW. HER BEING IN NEW YORK
WITH ERICA AND NOT WITH US.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
ITS HER. YOUR MOTHERS GOT A
SIXTH SENSE. ESPECIALLY WHEN IT
COMES TO BUYING HER PRESENTS.
HEY. MA'I'TIE AND I ARE JUST
PICKING UP A FEW THINGS FOR
CONNOR AND ANNIE.
OH? SHE SEE A DOCTOR? DID
HE PRESCRIBE--GOOD. THAT SHOULD
CLEAR IT UP IN A WEEK OR SO.
KISS HER FOR ME, OK? AND CONNOR.
TELL THEM THEIR PRESENTS ARE
COMING BY REINDEER EXPRESS. OK.
[SIGHS]
STREP.
[CLOSES PHONE]
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO? LOOKS
LIKE ITS JUST YOU, ME, AND
KIMBER, BUD.
>> LISTEN, DAD, IM SORRY. I
SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU SOONER.
KIMBER AND I ARE GOING ON A FREE
WIND SCIENTOLOGY CRUISE FOR
5 DAYS.
WERE NOT GONNA BE HERE.
>> WELL, YOU SHOULD HAVE TOLD
ME, MATT. I WAS REALLY COUNTING
ON A FAMILY--OR WHATS LEFT OF
IT BEING TOGETHER.
>> I KNOW. ITS JUST--YOU KNOW,
I GOT MY NEW FAMILY NOW. AND
ITS REALLY IMPORTANT TO KIMBER.
ITS A CHANCE FOR HER TO ADVANCE
TO THE NEXT LEVEL. AND YOU KNOW,
I CANT NOT GO.
>> DONT WORRY ABOUT IT. WELL
CELEBRATE WHEN YOU GET BACK.
>> YEAH?
>> YEAH.
>> WHEN LOVED ONES ARE NEAR,
ITS THE MOST
WONDERFUL TIME...
>> WHY DONT WE GRAB A
CAPPUCCINO OR SOMETHING AT THE
BAR.
>> GOTTA GET HOME.
>> JESUS!
>> I KNOW. ITS MY NIGHT TO MAKE
DINNER. COME ON.
>> OF THE YEAR
>> MERRY CHRISTMAS, DAD.
>> CAN I GET ANOTHER?
>> AHH,
MAKE ME BEAUTIFUL,
MAKE ME...
THE PERFECT SOUL,
A PERFECT MIND,
A PERFECT FACE,
A PERFECT
LIFE
>> A DOLLAR? THAT THE BEST
YOU CAN DO? COME ON, MAN. TIS
THE SEASON.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT? YOURE A
HEALTHY WHITE DUDE WHOSE
INDUSTRIOUS ENOUGH TO
APPROPRIATE A SALVATION ARMY
BUCKET DURING PEAK SEASON.
SO YOU KNOW WHAT I
THINK, A DOLLAR IS MORE THAN
GENEROUS, OK?
>> DONT BE SO SENSITIVE. I JUST
HAVE TO DO MY MAJOR FUNDRAISING
THIS TIME OF YEAR. MY NAME IS
REEFER. AW, ITS NOT WHAT YOU
THINK. I WAS A SURFER WHEN I WAS
YOUNG AND THE NAME JUST SORT OF
STUCK FOR OTHER REASONS.
>> I KNEW SOMETHING SMELLED LIKE
MY OLD DORM ROOM. JESUS!
>> HEY, MAN, I DIDNT STEAL THIS
BUCKET! I FOUND IT!
>> RIGHT! NEXT TO A WOMAN IN A
BONNET RINGING A BELL? YOU
STAY SOBER, REEFER, AND WHO
KNOWS, MAYBE SANTA WILL BRING
YOU A JOB FOR CHRISTMAS.
>> I GOT YOUR JOB HERE.
>> OH, YEAH.
>> ASSHOLE!
>> CRYSTAL. $250 EACH. NO 2
ARE ALIKE.
>> MY SISTER AND I USED TO MAKE
OUR OWN DECORATIONS. POPCORN.
COTTON BALLS FOR SNOW. SOMETIMES
WED TAKE THE TOPS OFF ALUMINUM
CANS AND PUNCH HOLES THROUGH
THEM SO THE LIGHT COULD SHINE
TH ROUGH.
>> FROM CANS TO CRYSTALS. YOUVE
COME QUITE A LONG WAY, BABY.
>> I KNOW. BUT I SORT OF MISS
MAKING SOMETHING FROM NOTHING,
YOU KNOW? AND THE TREE, WE WOULD
WAIT TILL THE LAST MINUTE TO
PICK UP THE BARGAIN LEFTOVER.
SOMETIMES THE BRANCHES WERE HALF
DEAD, BUT AT LEAST IT WAS REAL.
>> SO IS THIS.
[DOOR OPENS]
[GIGGLES]
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
>> I SEE WERE GETTING AN
EARLY START ON THE FESTIVITIES.
ARE THESE THE SAME ORNAMENTS
FROM LAST YEAR?
>> A SLIGHT UPGRADE, MY FRIEND.
ITS A HARBINGER OF THINGS TO
COME.
>> I JUST GOT AN 8-FOOTER THIS
YEAR FOR ANNIE. SHES GOT
STREP, CANT COME. HEY! WHY
DONT YOU GUYS STOP BY?
WOULDNT BE CHRISTMAS EVE
WITHOUT CHRISTIAN TROYS FAMOUS
MALT CIDER.
>> [CHUCKLES]
WE CANT. WERE GOING TO ST.
PETERSBURG.
>> CHRISTIAN BOOKED A ROOM AT
THE GRAND HOTEL.
>> IMPULSE TRAVEL. WERE GONNA
SPEND A WHITE CHRISTMAS
SOMEWHERE WEVE NEVER BEEN.
>> WOW! SOME IMPULSE. HA HA.
CAN I COME? KIDDING. IMPULSE
RESPONSE. REALLY, THATS GREAT.
YOU GUYS DESERVE IT. GIVE MY
BEST TO PUTIN.
>> HEY, SEAN. SEAN, WAIT UP A
SEC. I NEED TO GIVE YOU MY 10:30
CONSULT. ITS A LITTLE, KIND OF,
PROVOCATIVE FOR ME AT THIS
POINT IN TIME. JUST CONSIDER IT
AN EARLY CHRISTMAS PRESENT. OH,
AND BY THE WAY, THERES A GIFT
FOR YOU FROM DIANA LUBEY.
[FRENCH ACCENT] ITS ON YOUR
DESK.
>> MRS. HICKOCK, TELL ME...
WHAT DONT YOU LIKE ABOUT
YOURSELF?
>> IM A FRIGID BITCH,
ACCORDING TO HICKEY.
>> HICKEYS YOUR HUSBAND,
I PRESUME.
>> YEAH. WELL, HICKEYS HIS PET
NAME. IT WAS EITHER HICKEY OR
COCK, USUALLY FOLLOWED BY
SUCKER. WERE GETTING DIVORCED.
>> SORRY. SOME? SO, HICKEY WAS
UNABLE TO SATISFY YOU?
>> ITS NOT THAT I DONT LIKE
SEX. I ENJOY SEX. ITS JUST THAT
I RARELY COULD GO OVER THE
WATERFALL, IF YOU KNOW WHAT I
MEAN. SO FOR CHRISTMAS THIS
YEAR, IVE DECIDED TO ASK SANTA
FOR A KILLER ORGASM. AND A NEW
WARDROBE.
>> I SEE. WELL, SINCE IM NOT A
COUTURIER, I ASSUME YOURE HERE
FOR A G-SPOT AMPLIFICATION?
>> IF THATS WERE YOU INJECT
RESTYLANE INTO MY COOCH AND I
COME LIKE A HOUSE ON FIRE, THEN
YEAH.
>> HA HA. YES.
>> JUST BECAUSE MY MARRIAGE IS
OVER DOESNT MEAN MY LIFE IS.
>> THATS A VERY HEALTHY
ATTITUDE.
>> THANK YOU.
>> IM GOING THROUGH A DIVORCE
MYSELF. AND THE HOLIDAYS...
WELL, SO FAR THEY SORT OF...
SUCK ASS.
>> WELL, SEE, WEVE GOT TO BE
PROACT IVE. TIS THE SEASON TO
STOP THINKING OF OTHERS. WEVE
GOT TO START THINKING ABOUT
OURSELVES. FOR INSTANCE, WHAT
ARE YOU GONNA GET YOURSELF
THIS HOLIDAY SEASON? NEW SUIT,
PERHAPS? SOMETHING A LITTLE LESS
BROWN, MAYBE? SORRY, IM JUST
RAMBLING. GUESS IM NERVOUS.
NEEDLES.
>> ITS ACTUALLY AN EASY
OUT-PATIENT PROCEDURE. THE
WHOLE THING TAKES 20 MINUTES,
ONCE WE ZERO IN ON OUR TARGET.
[SNIFFS]
[SIGHS]
>> THE G-SPOT IS ACTUALLY A WEB
OF NERVE ENDINGS AND BLOOD
VESSELS LOCATED ON THE INTERIOR
WALL OF THE VAGINA. IT COULD BE
TRICKY TO FIND IF YOURE NOT
USED TO IT. SOMETIMES YOU NEED
A HELPING HAND. SOMEWHERE
BENEATH THE URETHRA, EXTENDING
TO THE CERVIX. NOW, LET ME KNOW
WHEN YOU FEEL A TINGLING
SENSATION.
>> OK. YOU KNOW,
YOUD LOOK REALLY GREAT IN
VERSACE.
>> OH, THANK YOU.
TH ERES A SPONGY AREA,
GETS ENGORGED DURING AROUSAL. IT
FEELS LIKE A LITTLE RED BEAN.
THE INJECTION SWELLS IT. MAKES
IT EASIER TO FIND.
>> JUST DO ME A FAVOR. NO MORE
BROOKS BROTHERS, OK? YOU KNOW,
YOURE A YOUNG GOOD-LOOKING GUY.
DONT DRAW ALL THE LIFE OUT OF
YOU. SO DO I--WE GOT TO STOP
LIVING FOR ASSHOLES WHO DONT
CARE ANYTHING ABOUT US. WE GOT
TO START TAKING CARE OF
OURSELVES AND MAKING OURSELVES
HAPPY. LISTEN, YOU KNOW WHAT?
HEY, WERE THEY ONLY ONES WHO
CAN DO IT. DO IT! DO IT! OH, DO
IT! DO IT! OH, DADDY, DO IT! OH,
GOD. OH! OH!
[PANTING]
OH, DO IT! DO IT! OH, GOD! OH,
GOD. OH!
[MOANING AND PANTING]
>> JOY TO THE WORLD,
THE LORD IS COME,
LET EARTH RECEIVE HER KING
>> AAH!
> > JA. JA--
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
>> LA. JA. OOH.
[DOOR CLOSES]
>> IM SORRY. IM SORRY TO
INTERRUPT. I KNOCKED, BUT YOU
DIDNT, UH...
>> OH, ITS FINE. I WAS
JUST--HA HA. UH, WHAT CAN I DO
FOR YOU?
>> IM WENDELL SUTHERLAND. YOU
KNEW MY FATHER, JAM ES.
>> OF COURSE. OF COURSE. YEAH.
COME IN. HOWS YOUR FATHER?
>> MY PARENTS WERE BOTH KILLED
IN A CAR ACCIDENT 2 WEEKS AGO ON
THEIR WAY BACK FROM CHURCH.
[SIGHS]
>> IM SO SORRY. WHAT ABOUT
WILBER--I MEAN, GABRIEL?
>> HES FINE. AND ITS STILL
WILBER. MY BROTHER WOULDNT
ANSWER TO ANYTHING ELSE, SO THEY
GAVE UP. SAID THEY DIDNT WANT
TO CONFUSE HIM. IF YOU ASK ME,
THE KIDS GOT A STUBBORN STREAK.
MY FATHER NAMED YOU LEGAL
GUARDIAN IN HIS WILL.
>> WOW, IT JUST--
IM JUST A LITTLE STUNNED. WHY
DIDNT HE GIVE HIM TO YOU OR
YOUR BROTHER?
>> IT WAS HARD ON US
WHEN MY FATHER BROUGHT WILBER
HOME. MY MOTHER NEVER REALLY GOT
OVER IT. HIS BETRAYAL.
IT SUDDENLY CHANGED EVERYTHING,
HAVING THIS BABY IN THE FAMILY.
AS FOR ME AND MY BROTHER, WERE
BOTH IN NO POSITION RIGHT NOW.
WE HAVE OUR OWN FUTURES TO THINK
ABOUT. MY FATHER ALWAYS TALKED
ABOUT HOW MUCH YOU LOVED HIM.
>> I DID. I DO.
[SIGHS]
THIS IS A LOT TO ABSORB.
WHAT ABOUT HIS MOTHER?
>> MY FATHER WAS VERY ADAMANT
THAT SHE HAVE AS LITTLE TO DO
WITH WILBER AS POSSIBLE. HE MADE
THAT VERY CLEAR IN HIS WILL.
>> ITS JUST...
IM GETTING MARRIED.
>> HEY, I GET IT. LIFE CHANGES,
HUH? IF ANYONES AT FAULT, ITS
MY FATHER. HE SHOULD HAVE LET
YOU TAKE HIM OFF OUR HANDS WHEN
YOU OFFERED TO.
[SIGHS]
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR WEDDING.
>> WAIT...
I HAVENT SAID NO YET.
WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO HIM IF I
DONT TAKE HIM?
>> THE CHURCH WILL FIND HIM A
GOOD HOME. THEYRE ACTUALLY THE
BEST FOSTER AGENCY IN THE STATE.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[FOOTSTEPS]
>> DAMN! LOOK WHO JUST STEPPED
OFF THE PAGES OF GENTLEMENS
QUARTERLY. WHAT IS THAT SHIT,
VALENTENO?
>> GUCCI.
>> I BET THAT RUN YOU WHAT,
2--3,000, EH?
>> ALL RIGHT.
I GET YOUR POINT.
HA HA, JEEZ. HERES A 5, OK?
>> DOC, WHEN A MAN CAN AFFORD TO
LOOK THAT GOOD, IT IS A SIN TO
WALK AROUND IN ANYTHING LESS.
NOW, WHAT DID YOU DO WITH ALL
THAT BROOKS BROTHERS SHIT?
>> FORGET IT. WE BOTH KNOW IF I
GIVE YOU A SUIT, YOULL SELL IT
FOR A WEEKS SUPPLY OF JACK.
>> HEY, ASSHOLE! YOU THINK JESUS
LOVES YOU MORE JUST CAUSE YOU
GOT MONEY?
>> NO. YOU THINK JESUS LOVES YOU
MORE BECAUSE YOU DONT?
IF YOU WANT TO BELIEVE THERES
VIRTUE IN YOUR POVERTY, THATS
FINE. BUT DONT ACCUSE ME OF
BEING AN ASSHOLE BECAUSE IM
RICH. IM NOT GONNA APOLOGIZE
FOR IT. I EARNED IT, OK? IF IT
WERENT FOR A LIFETIME OF HARD
WORK AND SACRIFICE, I WOULDNT
BE WHERE I AM TODAY!
>> ITS ALL RIGHT, DOC. CLOTHES
DONT MAKE THE MAN, ANYMORE
THAN THIS DOES. PAIN IS
PAIN, RIGHT?
>> WHO SAYS IM IN PAIN?
>> MAN, IM DRUNK, NOT BLIND.
>> IM SORRY, CHRISTIAN, BUT I
CANT. I JUST FINISHED TAKING
CARE OF SOMEONE. I DIDNT
EXPECT TO BE CHANGING DIAPERS
AGAIN SO SOON.
>> THATS LIFE, MICHELLE. SHIT
HAPPENS. UNEXPECTED SHIT.
SOMETIMES YOU JUST GOT TO GO
WITH IT.
>> AT LEAST WITH BURT, I OWED IT
TO HIM. BUT THIS ISNT MY CHILD,
CHRISTIAN. IT ISNT EVEN YOURS.
>> HE FELT LIKE MINE WHEN HE WAS
WITH ME. I NEVER EVEN THOUGHT
ABOUT IT.
>> WHAT ABOUT HIS MOTHER? WHY
CANT SHE TAKE CARE OF HIM?
>> HIS PARENTS WANTED WHAT WAS
BEST FOR WILBER. IF I DONT TAKE
HIM, HELL GO TO A FOSTER HOME.
IVE BEEN THERE. I KNOW WHAT
THATS LIKE. IM NOT GONNA LET
THAT HAPPEN TO HIM.
>> SO YOUD TAKE HIM OVER ME?
>> I WANT YOU BOTH.
>> BUT IF YOU HAD TO MAKE A
CHOICE?
[SIGHS]
>> REMEMBER WHEN I ASKED YOU TO
MARRY ME? AND YOU SAID WHY DONT
WE MOVE TOGETHER FIRST, SEE HOW
IT GOES, SEE IF ITS RIGHT.
WELL, WHY DONT YOU JUST SEE HOW
IT GOES? MEET HIM. HUG HIM. IF
IT DOESNT FEEL RIGHT, WELL
TALK ABOUT IT THEN.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
[DOOR OPENS]
>> WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
>> ANY IDEA WHY ESCOBAR GALLARDO
WOULD BE SENDING YOU A HAM AS A
CHRISTMAS PRESENT?
>> NOT A CLUE.
>> BECAUSE HE WANTS TO SLAUGHTER
US LIKE PIGS.
>> IT MUST BE SOME KIND OF
TWISTED PRACTICAL JOKE.
>> IM JUST RELIEVED ITS NOT A
BOMB.
>> YOU WERE RIGHT TO CALL THE
F.B.I. HES OBVIOUSLY TRYING TO
MAINTAIN CONTACT WITH YOU. CAN
YOU THINK OF ANY REASON WHY?
>> I CANT. SORRY. YOU?
>> NOPE.
>> JUST WHEN I WAS STARTING TO
SLEEP THROUGH THE NIGHT AGAIN.
>> WELL BE INSTALLING
SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS ON THE
PREMISES. ILL ALSO BE ASSIGNING
AGENTS TO THE PERIPHERY OF THE
BUILDING. THEYRE PRETTY GOOD
ABOUT BEING AS OBTRUSIVE AS
POSSIBLE.
>> THAT WOULD BE WONDERFUL. I
CANT TELL YOU HOW MUCH SAFER I
FEEL.
>> GOOD. IF YOU NOTICE
ANYTHING ELSE SUSPICIOUS,
DONT HESITATE.
>> THANK YOU.
>> YES. WE APPRECIATE ALL YOUR
HELP AND...THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
>> OH! WHEW! THATS A REALLY
NICE SUIT. GUCCI?
THATS TIGHT.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
[FOOTSTEPS]
>> DID YOU KNOW THAT A DOG
CHASES HIS TAIL WHEN HE FINDS
HIMSELF IN A DILEMMA HE CANT
RESOLVE? HA!
>> YOU CANT STAY HERE ANYMORE,
JAM ES.
>> ITS POINTLESS BEHAVIOR, OF
COURSE. THEY JUST CANT HELP
THEMSELVES. JUST HAVE TO KEEP
TRYING.
>> YOU HAVE TO LISTEN TO ME.
>> OR?
OR WHAT?
TELL THE AUTHORITIES?
I DONT THINK SO.
YOU HAVE WAY TOO MUCH TO LOSE.
WHY DONT YOU JUST PUT UP WITH
THIS TINY INCONVENIENCE TILL I
FILL MY CHRISTMAS QUOTA?
>> CHRISTMAS IS GOING TO HAVE TO
COME EARLY THIS YEAR, JAMES.
MCNAMARA/TROYS NOW UNDER
F.B.I. SURVEILLANCE 24 HOURS
A DAY. THERES AGENTS OUTSIDE
THE ENTRANCE UNTIL THEY SET
THE CAMERAS UP.
SO STAY AS LONG AS YOUD LIKE,
JUST MAKE SURE THEY GET YOUR
GOOD SIDE.
>> MICHELLE!
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
THANKS FOR WARNING ME. THAT WAS
GENEROUS OF YOU. I WOULD LIKE TO
THINK THAT YOUR DECISION TO TELL
ME INDICATED THAT YOU STILL HAVE
SOME WARM FEELINGS FOR ME.
>> THINK WHATEVER YOUD LIKE.
YOUD JUST BE CHASING YOUR TAIL.
[RING]
> > BA-BOOM, BA-BOOM,
BA-BOOM,
BA-BOOM, BA-BOOM, BA-BOOM,
BA-BOOM
>> SANTA BABY...
>> THANK GOD YOURE NOT FINISHED
YET.
> > HEY, DOLL.
>> HEY.
POPPY ASKED IF SHE COULD BE
HERE. HES ONE OF HER CLOSEST
FRIENDS.
>> HES MY NEIGHBOR FOR LIKE
10 YEARS. THE SWEETEST GUY, TOO.
OH, GOD, LOOK AT THAT.
IS HE GONNA BE ABLE TO WALK?
>> OH, ITLL TAKE SOME TIME TO
HEAL, BUT ONCE WEVE DEBRIDE
THE NECROTIC SKIN AND THE PIECES
OF MELTED BOOT.
>> SUCKS. GUY WAS PLAYING SANTA
CLAUS FOR HIS KIDS LIKE HE DOES
EVERY YEAR, EXCEPT THIS TIME
HIS EX INCINERATES HIM COMING
DOWN THE CHIMNEY.
>> MAYBE HE SHOULD HAVE CALLED
FIRST.
>> [SCOFFS]
HE DID. THEYRE IN THE MIDDLE OF
A DIVORCE, SO DONNY COMES RIGHT
ON TIME, STRAIGHT INTO A LIT
YULE LOG. THAT BITCH PRETENDS
SHE FORGOT HE WAS COMING.
>> CAN WE GET A LITTLE SALINE
HERE?
>> NOW EVERYONES SO SCREWED,
TOO.
HE PLAYED SANTA AT OUR WATER
PAIR BREAST CANCER FUNDRAISER
LAST YEAR, AND HE WAS AMAZING. I
MEAN, THE KIDS WERE JUST ALL
OVER HIM. YOU KNOW, THEY LOVED
HIM. AND HE WAS ON A HIGH FOR
LIKE MONTHS AFTERWARDS. ALL THAT
LOVIN COMING TO SANTA.
HEY, SEAN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING
CHRISTMAS EVE?
>> WELL, THATS REALLY SWEET OF
YOU TO ASK, POPPY. ACTUALLY,
IVE GOT THIS BEAUTIFUL TREE--
>> NO, I WAS JUST THINKING,
MAYBE YOU COULD PLAY SANTA.
YOU KNOW, TAKE SOME PICTURES,
HAVE SOME KIDS SIT ON YOUR LAP.
>> YOU WOULD BE SO CUTE.
>> MAYBE SOME OTHER TIME. ITS
NOT EXACTLY WHAT I HAD IN MIND.
>> COOL. OK, WHATEVER,
MR. SCROOGE. YOU ENJOY YOUR
LITTLE PITY PARTY.
>> SORRY IM LATE.
WHAT IS THIS, THE DYNAMIC DYKE
DUO?
>> THIS IS ONE OF POPPYS
CLOSEST FRIENDS.
>> OH, COME ON, LIZZIE. EVEN
LESBIANS CAN ENJOY A LITTLE
LEVITY AT CHRISTMAS.
>> WELL, YOU LOOK LIKE YOU GOT
ENOUGH TO GO AROUND FOR
EVERYONE, HUH?
>> I AM REJOICING. FOR UNTO US
A CHILD HATH BEEN BORN.
>> DID I MISS SOMETHING? YOU
DONT EVEN BELIEVE IN GOD.
>> I DO NOW. GUESS WHAT.
I INHERITED WILBER.
I KNOW, I KNOW. ITS A LONG
STORY. I WILL EXPLAIN LATER.
BUT MY SON IS BACK.
ISNT THAT COOL?
[CH UCKLES]
THINK HELL REMEMBER ME?
>> WELL, HE WAS VERY YOUNG,
CH RISTIAN .
>> YEAH, OF COURSE,
YOURE RIGHT. ITS RIDICULOUS.
HE WONT REMEMBER ME. BUT YOU
NEVER KNOW, HE MIGHT.
ANYWAY, LISTEN. I GOT TO BE OUT
OF HERE BY 3:00 BECAUSE IVE GOT
TO GO TO THE LAWYERS OFFICE AND
MAKE THIS WHOLE THING LEGAL.
I AM NOT LETTING ANYBODY TAKE
HIM AWAY FROM ME THIS TIME.
>> GO. WHAT ARE YOU DOING
STANDING HERE?
>> YOURE SURE?
I OWE YOU ONE.
[LAUGHS]
>> THAT KID IS GOING TO NEED
A SHITLOAD OF THERAPY.
> > TO MENTION
ONE LITTLE THING,
A RING...
>> FINE, ILL DO THE MALL THING.
GET ME A NEW PAIR OF BOOTS, AND
IM IN. SANTA COULD USE A LITTLE
LOVIN .
>> SO HURRY DOWN THE CHIMNEY
TONIGHT
>> I DONT THINK THAT YOU
UNDERSTAND THE GRAVITY OF
THE SITUATION YOU PUT ME IN.
>> MAYBE YOURE JUST GETTING
USED TO A COMPLETELY NEW SET OF
SENSATIONS.
>> ITS LIKE LIVING ON A ROLLER
COASTER. FIRST COUPLE OF TIMES,
YEAH, THRILLING. AFTER A WHILE,
YOU JUST HAVE TO GET OFF.
[BUZZ]
OH, SHIT.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
OH, GOD. OHH.
OH, GODDAMN VIBRATE!
>> OH, GETTING OFF DOESNT SEEM
TO BE A PROBLEM ANYMORE.
>> ARE YOU DRUNK?
>> NO, OF COURSE NOT.
>> YEAH, YOU WERE DRUNK WHEN YOU
GAVE ME THAT SHOT, WERENT YOU?
I KNEW I SMELLED IT ON YOU.
>> DONT BE RIDICULOUS. LOOK,
ILL GIVE YOU SOME HYILERONIDEFT
TO DECREASE THE PRESSURE. AND
THIS IS JUST NOT A PROBLEM.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
>> MRS. HICKOCK, IM DR. TROY.
[DOOR CLOSES]
I BELIEVE YOURE UNHAPPY WITH
YOUR G-SPOT AMPLIFICATION.
>> YEAH, IM UNHAPPY. BECAUSE OF
DR. MCNAMARAS DRINKING PROBLEM,
IT IS NOT SAFE FOR ME TO DRIVE
A CAR OR USE MY CLOTHES DRYER
OR, OH, MY GOD, SHOW MY FACE IN
SPIN CLASS AGAIN.
>> IM SURE THAT DR. MCNAMARA
WOULD NEVER OPERATE UNDER
THE INFLUENCE OF ALCOHOL.
>> ABSOLUTELY NOT.
>> HOWEVER, WE WOULD LIKE TO
MAKE SURE THAT YOURE SATISFIED.
I MEAN, PLEASED.
ID LIKE TO REVERSE
THE PROCEDURE AND OFFER YOU SOME
COMPLIMENTARY BOTOX. THIS WHOLE
THING WOULD BE HISTORY IN
A MATTER OF MOMENTS.
>> FINE. WHATEVER. JUST...
DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO. IVE HAD
ENOUGH ORGASMS FOR ONE LIFETIME.
AND 2 VAGINAS. YOURE JUST LUCKY
ITS CHRISTMAS.
[DOOR OPENS]
>> WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK
YOURE DOING?
>> I DONT KNOW WHAT YOURE
TALKING ABOUT.
>> MMM. YOU WANT TO LOSE YOUR
LICENSE?
>> NO.
THEN AGAIN, I DIDNT WANT TO
LOSE MY FAMILY EITHER, BUT HERE
I AM. THIS SEEMS TO BE THE ONLY
FRIEND I CAN COUNT ON FOR
COMFORT.
>> I DIDNT REALIZE YOU WERE IN
SUCH A BAD STATE.
>> BECAUSE YOU LIVE IN A REMOTE
LITTLE COUNTRY CALLED
CH RISTIAN LAND.
I WOULD HAVE BEEN THERE FOR YOU.
YOU JUST LOST YOUR WIFE AND
KIDS, I WOULDNT BE FLYING TO
MOSCOW WITH MY FIANCEE OVER
CHRISTMAS ON AN IMPULSE.
>> WERE NOT GOING ANYMORE.
WERE STAYING PUT WITH WILBER.
LOOK, ITS ALL SO NEW, YOU KNOW.
WE NEED TO STAY TOGETHER AS
A FAMILY, TO BOND. YOU KNOW WHAT
ITS LIKE.
>> YEAH, I KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE.
I HAD A FAMILY ONCE. YOU WERE
PART OF IT. PRETTY STUPID OF ME
TO THINK ID BE A PART OF YOURS.
[DOOR OPENS]
>> [MU'I'I'ERS]
[EXHALES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
COME IN.
>> HIS BAGS ARE IN THE LOBBY.
>> WOW.
LOOK AT YOU, YOURE SUCH A BIG
BOY.
YOU PROBABLY DONT REMEMBER ME,
BUT...I REMEMBER YOU WAY BACK
WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE, TEENY,
TEENY LITTLE BABY.
>> DADDY.
>> OH. YES, I AM YOUR DADDY.
AND WERE GONNA HAVE SO MUCH FUN
TOGETHER. DID YOU KNOW THAT?
IM GONNA TAKE REALLY GOOD CARE
OF YOU, I PROMISE.
[SNIFFLES]
I LOVE YOU.
> > CH RISTMAS, CH RISTMAS. ..
>> HEY. HANG ON. SANTA WILL BE
OUT IN JUST A MINUTE, OK?
[CHILDREN CHATTERING]
>> OK, WHERE THE HELL IS SEAN?
[INDISTINCT] MERRY CHRISTMAS.
THANK YOU.
>> MARY--MARY, COME HERE.
TELL SANTA TO STOP FEEDING HIS
REINDEER AND GET HIS JOLLY ASS
OUT HERE. HI!
>> GOT IT.
>> POPPY SAYS YOUR BREAKS UP.
>> OH.
HEY, YOU, UH, YOU KNOW MARLO?
>> MARLO? WHICH ELF IS HE?
>> HE WAS MY WIFES ELF. THOUGHT
MAYBE YOU ALL KNEW EACH OTHER.
>> WHOA--HA HA HA.
LOOKS LIKE SANTA NEEDS A LITTLE
HAND.
>> YOU, UH, A FRIEND OF POPPYS?
YOU KNOW, LESBIAN?
>> [CHUCKLES]
IVE BEEN KNOWN TO DABBLE.
BUT EVERY NOW AND THEN, SANTAS
HELPER ENJOYS A GOOD NORTH POLE,
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
>> WHY, YOU LITTLE HO HO HO.
[BOTH LAUGH]
>> WHAT DO YOU WANT FOR
CH RISTMAS?
>> I WANT A GT FULL SUSPENSION
MOUNTAIN BIKE WITH THE NEW
HYDROFORM DOWNTUBE AND A ZERO
STACK HEAD ZOOM.
>> WHY, SO YOU CAN CRACK YOUR
HEAD WIDE OPEN GOING DOWNHILL AT
BREAK-NECK SPEED?
WONT FEEL LIKE SUCH A BIG MAN
THEN, WILL YOU?
>> AND I WANT A BIG CHOCOLATE
CAKE WITH CHOCOLATE BUNNIES AND
A WHOLE HOUSE MADE OF CHOCOLATE,
CHOCOLATE CHIP.
>> GREAT. YOU WANT SANTA TO
BRING YOU DIABETES, IS THAT IT?
IS YOUR MOM SINGLE? OH, SHES
GOT NICE TITS.
I EVEN BOUGHT HER THIS BEAUTIFUL
NECKLACE. IT WAS THIS LITTLE RED
CRYSTAL HEART.
ILL BET SHE LOOKS JUST LIKE
A REAL PRINCESS IN IT. DO YOU
THINK SHELL LIKE IT?
>> OK, OK. UM, YOU KNOW, SANTAS
A LITTLE SAD TODAY. ITS OK. ONE
OF HIS REINDEER DIED. OK, SO RUN
ALONG.
>> THANK YOU, LIZ. YOU WERE
RIGHT. IM SO GLAD I DID THIS.
CAUSE EVERYBODY LOVES SANTA.
>> WERE ACTUALLY LOSING MONEY
ON THESE PHOTOS. SANTA IS
FREAKING THESE KIDS OUT.
>> ITS WAVES OF LOVE.
>> A LATTE? YEAH, THATD BE
GREAT. SANTA COULD DEFINITELY
USE A...A LITTLE BEVERAGE.
>> OK. OOH, YOU WANT A LITTLE
HELP TO THE WORKSHOP?
>> I GOT IT.
>> OK. ITS OK.
>> I JUST--IM JUST A LITTLE
TIRED.
>> I KNOW, SWEETHEART. I KNOW.
SANTAS HAD--
>> ITS TOO MUCH LOVE.
>> DONT FORGET, THIS IS NOT
THE REAL SANTA, OK? THIS ONES
JUST PRETEND, SO THERES NO NEED
TO GET SCARED. ITS JUST
UNCLE SEAN DRESSED UP LIKE
SANTA.
>> OH, MY GOD, CHRISTIAN. HE IS
SO CUTE. WILBER, YOU ARE
ADORABLE. I AM YOUR AUNTIE LIZ
AND THIS IS YOUR AUNTIE POPPY.
AND ISNT HE ADORABLE?
>> HE IS CUTE. DONT GET ANY
IDEAS.
>> WELL, WE CAME TO SEE SANTA.
RIGHT? DIDNT WE?
AND DO A LITTLE SHOPPING.
>> UH, YEAH. WARNING ON SANTA,
HES A LITTLE OVERWHELMED RIGHT
NOW. I THINK ITS A LITTLE BIT
TOO MUCH WITH ALL THE, UM,
THE STUFF WITH JULIA AND
EVERYTHING. AND, UM, YOU KNOW,
SANTA IS IN HIS WORKSHOP AND
H ES--H ES RESTING.
>> OH! DID YOU HEAR THAT? SANTA
IS IN HIS WORKSHOP. DO YOU WANT
TO GO SEE IF HES MAKING TOYS?
YEAH?
>> OH, WHAT A LAUGH
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
MOMMY KISSING SANTA CLAUS
LAST NIGHT,
LAST NIGHT
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
>> GETTING A SUN TAN.
I COME AT NIGHT WHEN ITS NOT SO
CROWDED.
>> YOU DONT BELONG HERE.
>> I DONT BELONG ANYWHERE
ANYMORE. ITS WHY IM HERE.
RIGHT ACROSS FROM MY OFFICE.
HEY, YOU SHOULD GET THAT LOOKED
AT, IT COULD GET INFECTED.
>> MY H.M.O. DOESNT COVER BUM
FIGHTS.
>> GOT IN A FIGHT?
>> YEAH. GOT PAID 20 BUCKS. ITS
A VILLAGE SPORT. GET A COUPLE OF
ASSHOLES DESPERATE ENOUGH TO
KILL EACH OTHER, LET EM GO AT
IT. I FIGURED I COULD GET SOME
MONEY TO BUY MY DAUGHTER A
CHRISTMAS PRESENT. DAMN FOSTER
PARENTS SPENT ALL THEIR MONEY ON
THEIR OWN KIDS.
>> WHATS HER NAME?
>> LUCY.
SHE HASNT HAD A DECENT
CHRISTMAS SINCE HER MAMA DIED.
WHAT THE HELL, ALL THE STORES
ARE CLOSED ANYWAY. ILL DO LIKE
YOU SAID, JUST USE IT TO GET ME
SOME JACK FOR ANOTHER DAY.
>> WANT SOME?
GO ON.
>> [SIGHS]
>> HEY, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU
DOING?
>> WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?!
>> PAINS PAIN, REMEMBER?
>> YOU WANT TO COME DOWN HERE IN
THE HOLE WITH ME? CAUSE RIGHT
NOW YOURE JUST CIRCLING THE
RIM. IF YOU FALL DOWN, YOULL
FIND THE WALLS ARE SO STEEP
YOULL NEVER GET OUT.
>> THATS WHERE I WANT TO BE.
WHERE ITS SO DARK NO ONE KNOWS
WHO YOU ARE OR WHAT YOUVE
BECOME.
>> I KNOW. YOURE JUST GOING
THROUGH THE DARK NIGHT AND SOUL.
BUT YOUVE STILL GOT LIGHT IN
YOU. YOU GOT TO HANG ON TO THAT.
>> YOUR NOSE LOOKS BROKEN.
YOU COULD USE SOME STITCHES.
MY OFFICE IS NOT FAR.
>> [CHUCKLES]
>> ALL RIGHT.
I THINK YOURE GOOD TO GO.
>> WHAT ABOUT YOU?
>> I THINK IM GOOD TO GO, TOO.
>> ALL RIGHT, THEN.
>> YOU KNOW, THERES ONLY ONE
OTHER PATIENT IN RECOVERY.
WHY DONT YOU STAY HERE TONIGHT?
WARM BED, QUIET. YOU COULD TAKE
A SHOWER IN THE MORNING.
>> CLEAN SHEETS. THATS BEEN
A WHILE.
>> LOOK, I DONT KNOW WHAT YOUR
PLANS ARE TOMORROW, BUT IF YOUD
LIKE TO STOP BY MY PLACE, HAVE
A BITE TO EAT.
[CLICKS PEN]
THIS IS MY ADDRESS.
ILL GIVE YOU A COUPLE OF SUITS,
IF YOU DONT MIND BROWN BROOKS
BROTHERS.
>> BEGGARS CANT BE CHOOSERS.
>> YOURE NOT A BEGGAR.
>> YOURE NOT AN ASSHOLE.
HEY, DOC.
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
>> MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU, TOO.
>> COOL, HUH? THATS IT. YOU
JUST--YOU PUT IT ON THERE AND
THEN ITS HANGING.
THERE SHE IS.
[WHISPERING] Lets go say hello
to a friend. Come on.
COME ON OVER. COME ON.
>> HI. YOU MUST BE WILBER. ITS
REALLY NICE TO MEET YOU. IM
MICHELLE.
[LAUGHS]
AND THAT IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL
TREE I HAVE EVER SEEN. EVER.
CAN I HELP YOU FINISH DECORATING
IT?
>> LETS GO SHOW HER HOW TO
DECORATE THE TREE, SHALL WE?
GIVE ME A KISS. MWAH. OK, COME
ON. LETS SHOW HER. PUT IT UP ON
THE TREE. THERE YOU GO.
MMM.
OK.
LETS SHOW HER EXACTLY HOW TO DO
THIS CAUSE IM SURE SHE CANT
REMEMBER.
LETS PUT IT ON THE TREE.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
>> HELLO.
[SPEAKING FRENCH]
>> [GRUNTING]
AAH!
>> NEED ANYTHING BEFORE I GO?
>> AAH!
I...I THOUGHT THE PLACE WAS
DESERTED.
>> IM SOLO ON CHRISTMAS EVE,
TOO.
THERES A GUY IN RECOVERY. I
DONT KNOW IF YOURE UP TO IT,
BUT HE COULD CERTAINLY USE A
FRIEND.
>> YES, WELL, WE ALL COULD.
> > GOOD NIGHT.
>> NIGHT.
ITS AWFUL BEING ALONE ON
CHRISTMAS EVE, ISNT IT?
I BROUGHT A DRINK.
>> IM ON THE WAGON.
>> ON CHRISTMAS EVE? NONSENSE.
ITS A 1991 PHILIP BRUNOX.
[POURING]
[SIGHS]
ITS PERFECTION.
IT MAKES LIFE WORTH LIVING.
TAKES THE STING OUT OF BEING
AWAY FROM ONES FAMILY AND ONES
FRIENDS.
>> I DONT HAVE ANY.
>> NO?
>> EXCEPT MY DAUGHTER. FAR AS
SHES CONCERNED, IM DEAD.
>> THAT IS SO SAD.
WELL, WELL BE EACH OTHERS
FAMILY THIS CHRISTMAS EVE.
SHALL WE?
AFTER ALL, WE ARE ALONE. JUST
THE TWO OF US. EVEN THE NIGHT
NURSE IS GONE. IM JAMES.
>> THATS A MANS NAME.
>> IN FRENCH, JAIME MEANS, "I
LOVE. "
>> REEFER.
>> [LAUGHS]
WELL, THATS THE SAME IN ANY
LANGUAGE, ISNT IT?
ITS ABSOLUTELY HEAVENLY.
[LAUGHING]
BUBBLES GOING INTO MY HEAD.
REEFER, WOULDNT YOU LIKE TO
JOIN ME? I FEEL PATHETIC
DRINKING ALONE.
>> JUST A LITTLE.
>> YES.
[GLASS CLAN KS]
[POURING]
ISNT CHAMPAGNE POSITIVELY
MAGIC?
ONE GLASS AND ALL YOUR TROUBLES
VANISH INTO THIN AIR.
CHEERS.
GOD REST YE MERRY GENTLEMAN,
LET NOTHING YOU DISMAY
Both: REMEMBER CHRIST
OUR SAVIOR
WAS BORN ON CHRISTMAS DAY
>> TO SAVE US ALL
FROM SATANS POWER
WHEN WE HAVE GONE ASTRAY,
OH, TIDINGS OF COMFORT AND JOY,
COMFORT AND JOY,
OH, TIDINGS OF COMFORT
AND JOY
>> WHY DIDNT YOU TELL ME HE WAS
BLACK?
>> JUST NOT SOMETHING I EVER
THOUGHT ABOUT. ALL I SEE WHEN I
LOOK AT HIM IS HIM.
>> HES LIKE A LITTLE ANGEL COME
TO US AT CHRISTMAS.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
ONE OF BURTS PLANT MANAGERS.
HELLO?
ILL BE RIGHT THERE.
[WILBER BABBLES]
A PIPE BURST IN ONE OF BURTS
MEDICAL SUPPLY PLANTS.
>> ITS CHRISTMAS EVE. WERE
JUST ABOUT TO EAT.
>> I KNOW. I WONT BE LONG.
ILL CALL YOU ON MY WAY BACK.
MMM-MMM.
[LITTLE DRUMMER BOY PLAYING]
>> COME, THEY TOLD ME,
PARUM PUM PUM PUM,
A NEW BORN KING...
>> OH, MY GOD.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
>> SUCH SHOCK. SURELY IN MED
SCHOOL YOU MUST HAVE ENCOUNTERED
A CADAVER OR TWO.
>> WHAT KIND OF MONSTER ARE YOU?
THIS WAS A HUMAN BEING.
>> HE HAD NO FAMILY OR FRIENDS.
HIS ONLY SKILL WAS DRINKING.
AT LEAST WE GAVE HIM
AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONTRIBUTE
SOMETHING TO SOCIETY.
AND CONTRIBUTE HE DID. DEANNA
MADE A PRETTY CLEAN SWEEP OFF
HIM. OF COURSE, HIS LIVER WAS
USELESS. SHE SNUCK THEM OUT IN A
GUCCI TRAVEL BAG. LITTLE
CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR ME.
>> WHAT DO YOU TAKE ME FOR?
>> CLEAN UP, DARLING. GARBAGE
DISPOSAL. OR WOULD YOU PREFER
THAT I LEFT HIM THERE ON THE
TABLE FOR THE F.B.I. TO DISCOVER
IN THE MORNING?
>> I CANT.
I CANT DO THIS ANYMORE, JAMES.
I CANT. PLEASE.
>> IMAGINE TRYING TO EXPLAIN
THIS TO YOUR FUTURE HUSBAND. IT
WOULD RUIN EVERYTHING YOUVE
WORKED FOR. GUESS WHAT. I
COULDNT DO THAT TO YOU. NOT ON
CH RISTMAS.
>> [SIGHS]
AFTER I CUT HIM UP, HOW DO YOU
SUPPOSE WE GET HIM OUT OF HERE
UN NOTICED?
THERE ARE AGENTS SURROUNDING
THE BUILDING.
>> DO YOUR WORK, DARLING, AND
ILL ATTEND TO THE DETAILS.
>> PARUM PUM PUM PUM,
PARUM PUM PUM PUM,
SHALL I PLAY FOR YOU,
ON MY DRUM?
> > MRS. LAN DAU?
>> AGENT CRAFT.
>> FRIEND OF YOURS?
>> SHES THE PATIENT. WAS. UM,
SHES BEEN DISCHARGED FOR
CHRISTMAS. WERE DOING VOLUNTEER
WORK TOGETHER.
>> NEED SOME HELP WITH THAT?
>> NO, NO. CAN MANAGE. TOYS.
DELIVERING THEM TO
THE CHILDRENS HOSPITAL.
PASS THEM AROUND.
>> THATS NICE. THINKING OF
OTHERS ON CHRISTMAS EVE.
>> WELL.
>> THANKS FOR KEEPING AN EYE ON
THE PLACE. IT FEELS GOOD TO KNOW
THAT YOURE HERE. GOOD NIGHT.
> > GOOD NIGHT.
>> COME, THEY TOLD ME,
PARUM PUM PUM PUM,
A NEW BORN KING TO SEE,
OUR FINEST GIFTS WE BRING,
PARUM PUM PUM PUM,
TO LAY BEFORE THE KING,
RUM PUM PUM PUM,
SO TO HONOR HIM,
WHEN WE COME...
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
>> HEY.
>> WILBER WANTED TO SPEND
CHRISTMAS WITH HIS UNCLE SEAN,
AND I WANTED TO CHECK UP ON
SANTA. I WAS WORRIED ABOUT HIM.
>> [SIGHS]
WHAT HAPPENED TO MICHELLE? COME
DOWN WITH THE FLU OR SOMETHING?
>> A PIPE AT ONE OF BURTS
PLANTS BURST. THATS THE PRICE
YOU PAY FOR BEING IN LOVE WITH
A BUSINESSWOMAN, I GUESS.
[CH UCKLES]
RIGHT?
>> WELL, IVE GOT SOME CHRISTMAS
CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP COOKING. OR
WE COULD ORDER OUT.
>> CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP. CHICKEN
NOODLE SOUP. WE LOVE CHICKEN
NOODLE SOUP. DO YOU LIKE CHICKEN
NOODLE SOUP?
DO YOU LIKE CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP?
YOU LIKE IT? YEAH, WE LIKE
CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP.
>> HEY, YOU WANT TO HELP ME
FINISH DECORATING THE TREE?
YEAH? COME HERE. ALL RIGHT, ITS
RIGHT IN HERE.
>> CAN I COME, TOO?
>> YEAH, YOU CAN COME.
SEE THERE?
GOT THIS. YOU HOLD IT BY
A STRING, YOU PUT IT AS HIGH AS
YOU CAN, OK?
HERE. JUST GOT TO PICK THE RIGHT
BRANCH.
THAT WAS HIGH.
[CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org]